DONE?! prerender background, only redraw it when screen changes; blt it to the screen all the time
-- Tried it and got a *lower* framerate; the cost of bitblt seems to really matter, at least at
   the high res on a Nexus 5. Revisit later on an actual Android Wear watch where the resolution
   is so much lower.

   Git note: preliminary code 'stashed' on my laptop.
   Root: c5e2c9851167e2221ec55b4f7f00291887ac8e89
   Branch: b3a5c0b1485751235dd36564e5900f78379b942e (branchBackground)

   New idea: cache *paths* rather than bitmaps. This will avoid a lot of trig, and the paths will
   probably be loaded into the GPU, avoiding some bus bandwidth.

-- The cache is implemented. No real performance bump. Some N7 numbers: 47-53 FPS when in landscape,
   28-29 FPS when in portrait. This implies that the essential difference is simply the cost of pushing
   more pixels to the bigger screen, since it's the same exact CPU usage; just different GPU load.

   Also tried breaking the complex path with 60 ticks into 60 little paths. Zero difference.

   Curiously, switching from "tool" to "lite" mode changes FPS from 29 to 42-51FPS. It's hard to believe
   that just a few tick marks makes such a big performance difference, but then there you go. Hopefully,
   all of this will be irrelevant when we get to the phone, with its insanely low-res screen.

   When running in the emulator on the MacPro, we're consistently getting >50FPS. Current tentative
   conclusion, we're GPU limited (dunno why) so it doesn't really matter any more.

DONE?! deal with recurring events
-- RecurrenceProcessor.expand() seems to do exactly what I want. Hypothetically, this is going to
   be a quick hack, if it work.

   maybe I need a better RFC 2245 (iCal) parser? Google has one:
   https://code.google.com/p/google-rfc-2445/

   Curiously, it's blowing up on the E2E VIV office hours, which has an exDate field of this:
   America/Los_Angeles;20140815T100000,20140822T100000,20140829T100000)

   The claim is that there's a "missing LHS" in the timezone part. Hrmm.

TODO port to Android Wear
-- Useful article including sample code: http://toastdroid.com/2014/07/18/developing-watchfaces-for-android-wear/
-- How to set up the damn emulator: http://www.tech-recipes.com/rx/49586/how-do-i-connect-an-android-wear-emulator-to-a-real-phone/
   adb -d forward tcp:5601 tcp:5601

Subtasks:
    DONE?! and get things rendering locally and remotely?
    DONE?! fix path caching / rendering (data is correctly available on the watch, at least!)
    DONE?! new watch sends message to phone (hi! send data!)
    DONE?! regular pings watch to phone (hi! not dead yet!)

           This one was super painful. This whole business of asking nicely for your GoogleApi
           and wondering whether or not you got it is an epic disaster. It seems to be super
           important to do this registration over and over again, and then you can make it work.
           You can't register from one place and expect it to work elsewhere.

           Also, it seems to really matter that you use the MessageApi to set up the listener to
           receive a message on the phone, even though you *don't* need to do this on the watch.
           Probably bugs or something, or maybe I just wasn't properly registered with the damn
           GoogleApi nonsense.

    TODO verify on round face
    TODO support the "real" watchface API?
        http://www.binpress.com/tutorial/how-to-create-a-custom-android-wear-watch-face/120
        https://github.com/kentarosu/androidwear-myfirstwatchface

        TODO "sample" face for selector
        TODO deal with dimming (kill second hand? lower frame rate? all white?) "Ambient mode"


TODO sort out how to compile protobufs automatically via Gradle (vs. known bugs lodged with Google)
-- At least the Square protobuf runtime is automatically fetched and compiled
-- Seems to be compiling correctly, might even work on the first try (ha!)

TODO fancier control panel: Material Layout cards

TODO verify all the weird connect/disconnect corner cases

Subtasks:
    TODO fresh boot of phone, make sure service is up no matter what
    TODO disconnect / reconnect of phone from watch
    TODO fresh boot of watch / reconnect to old phone app
    TODO nothing running on phone / fresh watch wants data
    DONE! centralized store (in /shared) for calendar data
    DONE! disconnect from activities & services

    DONE! restart of app on phone breaks watch with bogus message (probably related to ClockFace vs. ClockFaceStub)
        DONE! need to carefully rethink lifecycle issues on these things; service shouldn't really have long-term pointers to the activity


TODO get a real app icon
DONE?! slower refresh rate when second hand not being displayed
TODO app signing
TODO smarter DrawArc

TODO make battery gauge pretty
TODO if we're coming back from being asleep, make sure we invalidate the batteryPathCache
